technical terms: expectation and execution engine (#4094)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/terms/execution_engine.md

### Features and promises

> An Execution Engine provides the computing resources that will be used to actually perform <TechnicalTag relative="../" tag="validation" text="Validation" />. Great Expectations can take advantage of many Execution Engines, such as Pandas, Spark, or SqlAlchemy, and even translate the same <TechnicalTag relative="../" tag="expectation" text="Expectations" /> to validate data using different engines.

Reviewer: "Many" feels disingenuous when we list all three! There will be another one coming soon (Filesystem), but that still doesn't feel like "many" to me.
```suggestion
An Execution Engine provides the computing resources that will be used to actually perform <TechnicalTag relative="../" tag="validation" text="Validation" />. Great Expectations can take advantage of different Execution Engines, such as Pandas, Spark, or SqlAlchemy, and even translate the same <TechnicalTag relative="../" tag="expectation" text="Expectations" /> to validate data using different engines.
```

> Execution engines handle the interactions with the source data system that their Datasource is configured for.  However, they also wrap data from those source data systems with metadata that allows Great Expectations to read it regardless of its native format. Additionally, Execution Engines translate of Expectations so that they can operate in a format appropriate to their associated source data system.  Because of this, the same Expectations can be used to validate data from different Datasources, even if those Datasources interact with source data systems so different in nature that they require different Execution Engines to access their data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execution engines handle the interactions with the source data system that their Datasource is configured for.  However, they also wrap data from those source data systems with metadata that allows Great Expectations to read it regardless of its native format. Additionally, Execution Engines enable the calculations of Metrics used by Expectations so that they can operate in a format appropriate to their associated source data system.  Because of this, the same Expectations can be used to validate data from different Datasources, even if those Datasources interact with source data systems so different in nature that they require different Execution Engines to access their data. 
```

> 

Reviewer: I could potentially see a note here to the effect of "if you are interested in using an accessing data with an ExecutionEngine which we do not yet support, you may {consider a contribution, get in touch with us on Slack}. This is a big undertaking, and we are happy to offer guidance and support."

I don't exactly know what the right message here is. We've talked, for instance, about a new Execution Engine for something like Dask, and we have some outstanding work on a filesystem execution engine which can be used for expectations like `expect_file_to_exist`. The former would likely be a lot of work; the latter isn't unreasonable. And I think that the bulk of our Spark implementation was a community contribution. 

I could also imagine that this could be overwhelming in a doc like this, but wanted to raise this as a possibility.

Author: I think it's appropriate for open source documentation, and @kyleaton  agreed.  I've added the note.

- `loaded_batch_data` (all "loaded" batches)
- `active_batch_data_id`

### Execution Engine Methods

- `load_batch_data(batrch_id, batch_data)`
- `resolve_metrics`: computes metric values
- `get_compute_domain`: gets the compute domain for a particular type of intermediate metric.

### Configuration

Execution Engines and their configurations are specified in the configurations of Datasources.  In the configuration for your Datasource, you will have an `execution_engine` key.  This is a dictionary which will have at the least a `class_name` key that indicates the Execution Engine that will be associated with the Datasource.  If you are using a custom Execution Engine from a Plugin, you will also need to include a `module_name` key.  

If additional configuration is required by the Execution Engine, it will also be specified in the `execution_engine` configuration.  For example, the `SqlAlchemyExecutionEngine` will also expect the key `connection_string` as part of its configuration.

For specifics on the required keys for a given Execution Engine, please see our [how-to guides for Connecting to Data](../guides/connecting_to_your_data/index.md).

## More details

> ### Design motivation: Validation flow

Reviewer: Just checking - is this section incomplete?

Author: It is.  It looks like my last commit wasn't pushed; I've corrected that now.

    - a validation_graph object is ready. Nodes are MetricConfigurations, edges are dependencies.
5. `_parse_validation_graph`
6. for each set of ready_metrics: Execution Engine resolve_metrics

> 7. for each metric: bundleable?

Reviewer: This whole section still feels patchy to me, like it could use more narrative and explanation.

Author: I think that the document it was originally pulled from may have been some design notes that were pasted into the V2 docs and then copied over in the move to V3.  Since it also looks patchy to you, I've removed the section.  I thought it might contribute something to the understanding of the process that Execution Engines perform if read by someone more experienced than I was, but from what you're saying I don't think it's a significant contribution to a practical understanding of Execution Engines.
